Added import storage docs (#2685)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/cli/storage/import.md

---
title: Use an existing S3 bucket or DynamoDB table

> description: Configure the Amplify CLI to use existing S3 bucket or DynamoDB table resources as a storage resource for other Amplify categories. (API, function, and more)

Reviewer: Function

---

> Import an existing S3 bucket or DynamoDB tables into your Amplify project. Get started by running `amplify import storage` command to search for & import an S3 or DynamoDB resource from your account. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Import existing S3 buckets or DynamoDB tables into your Amplify project. Get started by running the `amplify import storage` command to find and import S3 or DynamoDB resources that already exist in your account. 
```

```sh
amplify import storage
```

Make sure to run `amplify push` to complete the import process and deploy this backend change to the cloud. 

The `amplify import storage` command will:
* automatically populate your Amplify Library configuration files (aws-exports.js, amplifyconfiguration.json) with your chosen S3 bucket information 
* provide your designated S3 bucket or DynamoDB table as a storage mechanism for all storage-dependent categories (API, Function, Predictions, and more) 
* enable Lambda functions to access the chosen S3 or DynamoDB resource if you permit it

This feature is particularly useful if you're trying to:
* enable Amplify categories (such as API and Function) to access your existing storage resources;
* incrementally adopt Amplify for your application stack;
* independently manage S3 and DynamoDB resources while working with Amplify.

## Import an existing S3 bucket

Select the "S3 bucket - Content (Images, audio, video, etc.)" option when you've run `amplify import storage`. 

Run `amplify push` to complete the import procedure.

> Amplify projects are limited to exactly one S3 bucket.

### Connect to an imported S3 bucket with Amplify Libraries

> By default, Amplify Libraries assumes that S3 buckets are configured with the following access patterns:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Amplify libraries assume that S3 buckets are configured with the following access patterns:
```

> - `public/` - Accessible by all users of your app

Reviewer 2: Some of the libraries use `guest` here instead of `public`, right?

- `protected/{user_identity_id}/` - Readable by all users, but writable only by the creating user 
- `private/{user_identity_id}/` - Only accessible for the individual user

> You can either configure your IAM role to use the Amplify-recommended policies or in your Amplify libraries configuration [overwrite the default storage path behavior](~/lib/storage/configureaccess.md/q/platform/js#customize-object-key-path).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can either configure your IAM role to use the Amplify-recommended policies or you can [overwrite the default storage path behavior in your Amplify library configuration](~/lib/storage/configureaccess.md/q/platform/js#customize-object-key-path).
```

---

Import an existing S3 bucket or DynamoDB tables into your Amplify project. Get started by running `amplify import storage` command to search for & import an S3 or DynamoDB resource from your account. 

```sh
amplify import storage
```

Make sure to run `amplify push` to complete the import process and deploy this backend change to the cloud. 

The `amplify import storage` command will:
* automatically populate your Amplify Library configuration files (aws-exports.js, amplifyconfiguration.json) with your chosen S3 bucket information 
* provide your designated S3 bucket or DynamoDB table as a storage mechanism for all storage-dependent categories 
* enable Lambda functions to access the chosen S3 or DynamoDB resource if you permit it

This feature is particularly useful if you're trying to:
* enable Amplify categories (such as API and function) to access your existing storage resources;
* incrementally adopt Amplify for your application stack;
* independently manage S3 and DynamoDB resources while working with Amplify.

## Import an existing S3 bucket

> Select the "Content (Images, audio, video, etc.)" option when you've run `amplify import storage`. In order to successfully import your S3 bucket, your S3 bucket must be hosted in the same region as your Amplify project.

Reviewer 3: We dont filter buckets based on region. One can have cross region buckets as those are considered global resources.
```suggestion
Select the "Content (Images, audio, video, etc.)" option when you've run `amplify import storage`.
```

Author: Addressed the issue.

Run `amplify push` to complete the import procedure.

> Amplify projects are limited to one exactly S3 bucket.

### Working with an imported S3 bucket with Amplify Libraries

By default, Amplify Libraries assumes that S3 buckets are configured with the following folder access:

> - `public/` - TODO

Reviewer 3: Will this be added before publishing of this PR?
